---- 4.1 Player class

- 4.1.1 Description and priority
This feature is the class of Player. It is an object that interfaces with all parts of the game.
It is a high priority feature. It holds a user's personal attributes, and inventory.
It also contains methods that allow the user to modify these through gameplay

- 4.1.2 Stimulus/response sequences and features
Stimulus: User sends a valid log on request
Resonse: Player class is instantiated with default or saved attributes

Stimulus: User chooses to log off
Response: The attributes of the Player are saved to a database for future loading

Stimulus: User chooses to move around (U/D/L/R)
Response: The Player checks with the map whether the move is valid.
	  If so, collects any items, updates location, and checks for any monsters

Stimulus: User chooses to interact with another object
Response: Player calls interact function of the object. Player then given list of available
	  options for the chosen object awhich the user chooses one of

Stimulus: User chooses to trade with another Player
Response: Trading feature is called for the two parties and attributes/inventory is updated.

Stimulus: User begins a battle with another Player or a monster
Response: Battle feature is called

Stimulus: Battle feature asks for list of moves player has
Response: Player returns a list of valid moves to the battle feature for display

Stimulus: Battle feature gets message from user to carry out a certain move
Response: The Player calculates damage etc done and returns to battle feature, and updates stats

Stimulus: Battle featue tells user that damage has been inflicted
Response: The Player updates HP and other stats. Then checks if player has died and informs battle

Stimulus: User chooses to equip or use an item
Response: The Player stats are updated to reflect this use or equipment


---- 4.2 Log on facility

- 4.2.1 Description and priority
The game requires a log on screen where a user is prompted to enter a username and password
or create an account. Upon successful actions by user, a Player object is created.
This feature is low priority and dummy features can be used at first to test game

- 4.2.2 Stimulus/response sequences and features
Stimulus: User connects to server and log on facility called
Response: New log on form appears for user to use

Stimulus: User enters username and password
Response: Database of accounts is searched and if matching account is found, a Player is made
	  If match no found, user told to try again or create an account

Stimulus: User chooses to create account
Response: User is prompted to choose username and password, and username is checked if unique
	  If so, new Player class is created and a database entry is made for new user
	  If not, user asked to try again

---- 4.3 Maps and rooms

- 4.3.1 Description and priority
The game has a map that consists of squares that objects (players, items etc) can occupy.
The graphics feature calls on the map to produce the squares on the screen. The user then
looks at this when deciding what actions to take when playing. The map may consist of seperate
rooms that are distinct, with 'doors' between them. This is a high priority feature

- 4.3.2 Stimulus/response sequences and features
Stimulus: Game first initiated on host server
Response: The map template given to the Map feature is used to generate the map

Stimulus: Game tells map to create a new object in a given location
Response: Map takes the reference for a given object and stores it in a vector of objects that
	  are simultaneously at a location.

Stimulus: Player attempts to move to a given location and informs map of this
Response: Map checks whether the location is valid (in the map)
	  If the move is valid, the game then checks whether there is any object already there
	  If there isn't, or the objects already there can simultaneously hold an object, the
	  Player is stored as being in new location and a message is passed to Player to tell them

Stimulus: Player attempts to use an item in their location at a given location (say a shovel)
Response: Map checks if any of the items at the given spot can interface with the used item

Stimulus: Player attempts to interact with an object at a neighboring square
Response: Map checks primary object at that square and calls it's interact function

---- 4.4 Monsters

- 4.4.1 Description and priority
The game requires monsters that appear at random points as a way to allow users to 'train'.
These monsters have stats similar to Players, but are non playable. They can carry items that
will be dropped when the user kills them. They are a medium priority feature

- 4.4.2 Stimulus/response sequences and features
Stimulus: Game calls for creation of new Monster in a given location
Response: A monster is initialised with a given set attributes. Several types will be specified
	  in an input file that is read into the game.

Stimulus: A user attempts interact with a Monster (by moving to same square)
Response: Battle facility is called

Stimulus: Battle facility prompts Monster for a move
Response: Monster chooses move randomly, but with some weighting based on HP etc.

Stimulus: Battle facility gives Monster damage from Players move
Response: Monster updates it's own stats accordingly. If HP = 0, battle recieves termination signal

Stimulus: Monster has been killed in battle
Response: Monster passes the refereneces to it's items to the Map and they appear on floor

---- 4.5 Items

- 4.5.1 Description and priority
The game requires items that can aid the player in a number of ways. They can either be single use
or multiple use. They can be for in battle only or for use at any time (e.g. health potion).
They can be weapons or armour that can be equipped. They are a medium priority feature

- 4.5.2 Stimulus/response sequences and features
Stimulus: Item is interacted with
Response: Item presents list of possible functions/features the caller can choose from
	  Upon recieving a choice, the feature is carried out

Stimulus: Item is created by game in random place
Response: Item is instantiated as a subclass of the overall Item class based on what it is

Stimulus: Trading feature attempts to value item (e.g. an in game shop)
Response: Item returns it's price to the caller, if one is present

Stimulus: Item is obtained by a player
Response: Item updates it's ownership variable

---- 4.6 Battle facility

- 4.6.1 Description and priority
The game required the ability to allow Players or Monsters to battle. It will be a turn based
battling system where each player chooses a move in turn and the moves are carried out in order.
The moves themselves and the damage the inflict etc are generated by the characters battling.
Therefore the battle facility merely prompts the characters to initiate a move selection feature
that generates the damage etc commited. The battle facility then passes these data to the opponent.
This is a high priority feature.

- 4.6.2 Stimulus/response sequences and features
Stimulus: Battle is initiated between two characters
Response: A new Battle is created containing the two characters, that prompts the users in turn
	  to provide "damage" etc data to pass to opponent. It then passes this to the opponent.
	  After a move, it informs the players how much damage is inflicted etc.
	  Battle proclaims winner when a "death signal" is recieved from one of the characters
	  
---- 4.7 Trading facility

- 4.7.1 Description and priority
The game requres players to have the ability to trade items. A simple method would be for the
Player initiating the trade to select the item they wish to trade. The other Player then can
choose either an item of their own, or an amount of gold they hold. The first player then chooses
whether to accept or not. This is a high priority feature.

- 4.7.2 Stimulus/response sequences and features
Stimulus: User initiates trade
Response: A new trade is created containing the two characters. The first character is then
	  prompted for an item they wish to trade.

Stimulus: First user provides an item they wish to trade
Response: Trading facility tells other user then name of this item and asks for what they wish to
	  trade for it in return - either an amount of gold, or another item

Stimulus: Trading facility receives what the second user would wish to trade for the first user's
	  item
Response: Trading facility prompts first user to accept the trade or decline. If the trade is
	  accepted, the facility facilitates the two parties' belongings to swap


---- 4.8 Graphics facility

- 4.8.1 Description and priority
The game requires a graphics facility that shows the user on screen moving around the map. It also
allows the user to check their inventory and see what they have, and call the member functions that
manipulate it. It also allows them to find objects (either other players or items) to interact with
This is a very high priority feature.

- 4.8.2 Stimulus/response sequences and features


